[Music]
Hello friends, how are you? Well, we just
finished the previous excerpt in
which we were giving our opinions and commenting a
little on the response to echar djukic
when there was a full play speaking out and
there stadium that responded a
little
improving a little half such but well he
has apologized in that way
let's see what he thinks about why
last night at dawn he was
doing street and he was giving his opinion
on this subject and I am very interested in
knowing his opinion since he is involved
and knows what legitimate use is,
copyright and so on because he has
in fact had extracts and moved with a
channel of lan tumbao video no
first of all before starting to comment
the click a good part of reminding you
always forever okay that I have for right
now but well that I have to
download ale but well I don't care what
the status highlights because I created you have to
live everything that follows like this is to put
this in night mode I don't know why it's a
little disgusting the white mode we don't have
cured and now we're not going to see what the
text thinks but 7 that happened there in my
tier 3 chat  chat
then I said ah this is good this is good you have to
see it
with context text I do
n't know when this is the truth is I have no
idea if this is felt or not but
about so that you have a context
being djukic can bring everyone dictated
now he talks about the controversy of being
djukic it's her in turn well she
reacts videos let's see could have
put a label many people told me
put a label that they are going to take many
clips and it's like
and
having put javi oliveira in big
people know me it
's one of four minutes to annette who
knows
this is the one that's why the friend
where every time they go out to the one on
facebook the pesos that on facebook
is going to be [ __ ] up because it doesn't let me for
some reason to access facebook
from
xxi facebook vouchers be literal
this payment for the whole [ __ ] face okay he had
taken the clicks from my
secondary channel he credits them with the intro the other one
with his dick because he would still have
left it so that people would know
what channels well look at it or not but
consumption already takes away the other and the intro and
now the same clicks went up  that I to the
secondary channel the same clicks on
decide last night what I saw most relevant
can take out and has uploaded even
with the same title his big [ __ ]
but from facebook
makes
for you colors of the context
before being here
watch videos in stream like many
other streamers
also receives it to youtube also
many
but here what is the team what is
criticized is not that but
something else that we are going to comment I imagine that
now it is not an interview that they
did now I have to I do not know when
the interview is whether it is recent the
juke is not there and I do not think that yes
people are very accepting with her because she
says that she takes advantage of reacting to your
videos okay and I what I have said when she gives
her opinion on this subject said let's see the
subject of reacting to the videos of euros
if one did not want these girls
related to their videos,
the copp would have already jumped on it and we do not have spoke
precisely a few minutes ago like
I understand that when this girl
does it I also think she gets along well with
share like mari that you do not
care not
something I had read about this and not only
her I think that they had attacked several
people and here there were many opinions
remain in  plan for example in tweets
I also see videos of two, what I
try when I see them I comment on them
Italy gave my opinion host fingers in a [ __ ]
more comfortable here [ __ ] so
many people criticize that as if they were
putting this clip nobody
catch me on facebook because look on
facebook I don't monetize I don't upload the videos
there because I tried to upload last year you will
remember not at the beginning of this
year and not being able to measure in
monetization okay
but
what less than having put there is a
full interview on the jabil channel and truth
well with that not only penalty shot I
don't upload my videos dancing connection or
reaction video or videos and literally there is no
one but me reacting to a
video
and well let's see if they put you to
see a video well normal because they
know that I don't take advantage of it is 10 minutes
of dinner and pumas what we continue to
12 hours of dinner
no
and it seems that this then there would have been
youtube did not
have a secondary channel that it was
asked of her she said that
her fan would not take it but then there was
a lot of indication let's see it is not confirmed but
there was  many signs of hers are whether
you want it or not it's not that the girl
exclusively has grown only
with this but man a push continued
Saturday I
had also read somewhere that I
had authorized it as a
lie
and obviously I know that is earned I do
n't know how much could have earned that I
know no it can't be much the truth
precisely a man has not earned
because it is the salt talc pine we
also don't know one thing that he said that
the copyright jumped on him that they
claimed the monetization
but if you fix it if the monetization
has jumped on you when the video already had
200 thousand views those two 100 also
took them
suddenly it is seen making some
10,000 views but
Haiti channel list scenes because they
have followers and I understand from Elche I
understand that this channel will have the
permission of the dt to be made I
understand I do not imagine
but there are channels with 800 subscribers they
upload a click and it goes viral that you [ __ ]
then that is why it already carries out
[Music]
equally
because if not well I do not know it
is a montage with the interview and the
worst interview Auro or something is like
that we even react to them  but
steal from us
but let's see if he gave her a push or
segway if her reactions were the big
thing you would say and wisin farts but now I have
never said dick I want to see the
reaction of being me that something
honestly I personally no no but
for example if we get to
vivienne recommended
yes because it came out I did not know about her
well start with her as a result of the
controversy with turbo play and so on because
I spoke to her to ask her if the channel
those that to inform less but I
knew her by sight that they
came
from her even from juan ingenios and that there
is the juke and it grew a lot
last year by ticos and because simply
people mentioned her in turkey or rather she was
like the new mami she was the new
gamer girl that there is that when she went there so to
speak she was the one that most this one
started to that time but I would not say that
because of the reactions the truth is that there
were points in the pocket if it is one it
could have been yes but
[Music]
that everything has been generated
because they already knew her then I think that
yes it is known by the reaction it
is something
the truth
sends a  I kiss cave javi we love you lollipop lollipop
was a web kiss and
permission never on the wall or me with
this look and never speak in my [ __ ] life never
never throw
if you want to see videos that they see them or rather
to me the issue of how to say it but I
like
of his two generals the ones with the
prank calls of the tortilla well still no
we don't I don't know but if I got to see his
content now it's full gaming from before
now he had his other channel it's
completely
abandoned basically not in other
gameplay yes to see to see a
live gameplay to eat you from the old creu
no the art of the typical d auro videos
that as we talked about last night is a
channel the one of aurum play main is like
a channel icon of youtube spain tweets
to youtube that opens youtube log
in now you get a play his
traditional videos of all life as if they
were the link movies of the classics
okay and those videos never die
in fact I have nephews who watch the
videos and get fed up with the
old videos of hitting him with which I
followed
the traditional ones the criticisms of humor the
prank calls above all  the
most the last stage especially
[Music]
you are even putting the original title
but according to me yes I am going to those of now
reacting to such a thing or rather I do not know what
so to speak to Rosa de Guadalupe but
for example that reacted I think it is
called next the program
if it
should
be the reaction of the reaction
it is like the people the people who are
watching Titans want to know their reaction
and it is cool that you do it not be the
Spider-Man trailer to the new video of
this to the new music video the etcetera
but seeing Aurum's reaction to see
the reaction I would have I feel that it is like it
would be too delegated it depends depends
right now we are seeing a reaction
of a reaction action many times we
make reactions of reactions or
reactions to reactions
to see but let's see one thing is a literal
mind is saying in some cuts let's see
listen are you stupid or I explain to you
with beans
this firm with me because I reacted to
the videos of the cuts and then he said
I deleted I am going to react to the
reaction of 10 and then I told him oh
well I react your reaction of me or
rather that way  I'm completely between
us like that's how it is to
react to videos in tweets I like to
watch videos give my opinion I do
n't know a little bit of salsa to
me to watch a video and stay quiet ok
but then if that sums it up to
youtube
let's leave it there it seems strange to me that even to
me when for example even I when I
'm eating I can't do that I have to
say something or rather have even if I'm
eating and had in pepas all this and I
say the [ __ ] that I was going to say you know
or rather because of course and yes that's why even
that also in the videos of the fan of
why because I say something if I didn't say
anything else being a [ __ ] video uploaded and that's it and I
think he's
eating and not saying absolutely
anything and apart from uploading it and profiting from
it yes it's [ __ ] up I don't know if she does it
but for some people who are commenting here let's not
leave it it seems a little strange not in a
way like I mean since it's a video give her opinion
on the
permission
because the idea
the truth is that I don't
think we all know that nobody needs the permission he does
n't need it if he does it if he makes a
real reaction if you travel to the
corner hunger
it's that he's not like him  like you need
permission of course because you see the
permission as such you don't need it if more
a real relationship even many
times we relate to videos of people with
whom we do not get along we
are answering no if there is not an
unwritten law of not taking down
videos we use some content the
others not like juanjo did not speaking
clearly that when we are respected the issue
of companionship on youtube and so on but
if what you are doing you can put
your face in the corner and take out like a
series of that it is like you are asking
permission because you know that something is not being
done right I do not know if I explain myself
what
a reaction is free expression then they do
not need permission technically
while there is this there was an article
agreed they talked about the club it was that at
the moment you participate in the reaction
the content is no longer the other person's it
is like a contract it depends in between you should
not have asked him about the
so-called jokes I just remembered
that I forgot to ask him that
but well I do not think there would be
much more to talk about because he has already
said it outside of 7 different is that I more
or less depending on the time I
saw it  the right amount of time
logically this was the right amount of time
so as not to make it too long or too heavy
or for him to feel like leaving and
that wasn't much and a little more or less what
we said he said an hour more or less an
hour and a quarter I threw in
like an additional one like technically
according to me I don't understand how how
these guys who
review movies can put up
everyone's movie scenes as long as they
add something more clear of course what
legitimate use
but to upload that this didn't ask to play it
wasn't reactions
[Music]
Huang said it was that he took
if I remember correctly when it was almost in
fact in the field he got really pissed off
and asked him to audit what I Juan
did was take the live shows the best
parts of the live shows and upload the
compilations then people would stop
watching back and you still make your
compilations of your best parts of
your direction in turn to your channel a
secondary plan okay but if there's someone who
uploads the best it's part of your live show and
people stop watching your live show to see
the best parts it
was legitimized either it's not legitimate use it's
him  so that you understand, do not use more than
necessary to give context to the topic you
're talking about,
there is no stipulated time, it does not
mean that it has to be 30 seconds, 10
seconds, 2 minutes, 3 minutes, it depends on what is
needed exclusively, like
for example if you are going to see
[Music]
this video, let's imagine that this video
was not a video of this reaction to other
videos while it was a video of
speaking subtly while he is playing with
a lot of times later we are adding we
go over here we see a tweet we see I do
n't know what he understands me, I think that
the concept of fair use is understood, that you
take content from others but you do not
completely transform it, I mean, they do not
have the same meaning because it is a
reaction, well, repeating it does not have to be, it would
be clearer, it will be to look good
with the creator to do it
and if I were in the middle there were
40 channels of Russian reactions,
Colombians react, Chinese react,
and the mother and a half that there are, it is
really about reacting to the
video, maybe of the comets
of the original video, I can see the
original video, there are 15
sometimes I watch videos of 2, the video lasts 10
minutes and when I finish it has been 50  because
in the video of commenting
to see it seems fine to me I would not do it the
only thing that I would not do
is watch videos in tweets see what
comes out of the support that has a good time ok and
your people like it with okay there I think that what you
are is that there I feel that it is
wrong too, I mean guys let's see if you are going to
bother like we are
needing it on YouTube technically they
are also bothering it
if you are at home the best
the time of the broadcast is seen by people
that this is different it
is different it is they will have the same
reasons because one happens that you in a
live of 456 now there is half an hour
that is relating already works that your
cuts exactly that half hour and you
upload it with the intention that people
enter because they are going to see the video d auro you
put the same title of the
authors' video is different one thing that you
are already watching the live and within the
live you find it without
intentionally found that even there are
people who pass it and this always
said if I wanted more viewers I
start watching videos that simple because
because more people arrive more commercials
more people who can subscribe more
people who know you in one way or
another are also monetizing it in
tweets
so
uploading it to youtube monetized meaning you
eating a steak
seems a little strange to me to say the least
but god
the image of your hollow the shorts and las
vegas in a video
the
e-books angel the voice well I swear I have
never spoken to her in my [ __ ]
life so it's possible that maybe the
[ __ ] were for that reason they could have
given us mari
but well
the truth is I was wrong
putting the brown in our face they
threw indirect communes of magical
thiago half here to the area and no no
suppose that what I understand how
fair use works but normally as
a rule here there is no pact that we have
in mind not to take down the videos
that it is someone who is doing the
fat to you said
my [ __ ] life then I can react
an entire movie if I comment on it and
preparing it from time to time skillful
if it is transforming it let's see is that the
baby
in theory yes
no keys to put the weight in mode and
with a frame
but of course it
is very relative because of course it is not the
same  maybe let's see if I take a
video this video and I'm relating
this person imagine that it is
this person's that states or when
the YouTube channel was created they signed
the terms okay states the terms of
YouTube and within those terms you
sign that there are people who can
use your content a movie is
different
in a paid content in an
exclusive content let's say not to
remove a scene nothing happens if you are going to
relate an entire movie then you
are ruining the original work it cannot
harm the original work
in the sense that people are going to
stop watching it because they see your thing
I have a relationship of movie well yes I
could produce that to the original work
but the legitimate use although there is a
guideline and an explanation is that I
work everything very well I have made many
videos those of that subject equally very
complex and you have to see each case in a
way
then it is possible that maybe the
tips were for that reason they could not
and
only they know
ok
and what was the indirect
is good the chimbo without wanting I promise
from Chelsea the two or three semitas without
salt before they were to say wanted because
I said look as if we are  friends
covers a lot
but there is a good vibe he always has a
good circle and above all I followed him
a lot and I know that things obviously I'm not
going to ask him something super uncomfortable he
understands me for which he has this
uncomfortable when I'm bringing it to my
channel a person that I have now that
is here taking care of a person people
kill themselves to have it in the people and many
media kick each other to have it I'm not
going to bring it to have it uncomfortable no I
told him look I have more or less the
structure that there is an outline because you ca
n't do something like this an
interview like this can't be done
without an order but an outline but come on
this what we're going to talk about it's not
like a question
when we go to the data as if you
have to ask me and Xavi what do you
think about this that said own step of
two or three times produced the thing to
me a chat is worth
buddies
then the two or three topics came up the
name age brought it up he
can think why am I going to ask him
through and what happened with Dallas that is
that topic has already been talked about in all these years
this entire decade but another one came out
outcome even with
more
hostages it didn't get there the truth is it did
n't get there
and I
tell you I have nothing against her I
don't know her I have never spoken to her in
my life and if she wants to see videos on tweets hey let her
watch them and enjoy them and laugh I'm
just saying what the [ __ ] maybe uploading them
to youtube while she's having dinner and
not talking well maybe it's a little weird I would
n't do it but hey each one
[Music] I
had read
in summary this fix imagine what
I do that be like well it's very
simple one to me and to Dallas to me it does
n't have its place like on a
white list of Liu plan the divine in
fact it didn't come out I can put here an
entire Auro video copyright
because because sometimes it
can take away
[Music]
so true that always when it
happens to you it's until he put the ones on
Sana's list
imagine what I was saying my profit would be
incredible
and grow and that would be incredible because
because I already have a base and now I come
here to put videos from Europe every
day and upload it with the original title
if you want to upload them at least a day something
[ __ ]
the talas anger in the south a bird or
hit him a toca the south also for this reason the
south dedicated itself to making a series in
fact it mounted it and that's why the good thing I don't
know if it's counted I have
at the level of the beginning and that even in
miniature you saw the miniatures and it
seems that the radio tasty how
Auron felt after the talk he
felt comfortable I think it seemed all
[Music]
talking in 15 minutes or here already
saying goodbye such and well well well
and quite comfortable and
quite calm and relaxed and comfortable
in his element the truth is I was very
happy everything went as I wished that's how it is I
hope I can bring someone else the
most
interesting people in many days Aberdeen is going to
come there's no need to say it he's not going to
come to you also
in the mamas learning to Gualeguaych
made colleague that can also come out there is
an interesting talk because it has
a lot of video games
the gir is taking out without haste like it
's not like a section where I go to the
cane in the interviews I have to feel
like it you know it
to a scholarship  give me every two months you
understand me then planned
of said that I already told him in his day
vegeta hopefully and
sometimes they also continue on instagram like
but for some specific topic I have
never said it as if he harasses me to ask for the
time
javi yesterday juanjo told you the
gray hair and that it's a lie about
albert and marina that I don't say it anymore the
gray hair told me the bread
because the other one is like that I had it for a
week carmen kakuma was here carme
look at it
and they will come apc of course enabled
sometimes I wanted him to react now it's a
[ __ ] hello this is a reaction and we're
going to upload it
hello yesterday I found out about some gossip site
but I don't want to talk about it live
because I feel like it's making more noise just
for stupid things
well
wrong screen
well nothing
good
[Music]